Centipede Lite BBS

CONTRACT FOR LICENSE OF BUGSOFT SOFTWARE PRODUCTS
IMPORTANT - READ THIS BEFORE DOING ANYTHING ELSE: This Contract for License of
Software is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single
entity) and Bugsoft for the product identified above, including software and
associated documentation. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the
software, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Contract. If you
do not agree to the terms of this Contract, then do not use the product and
destroy all copies in your possession.

1.   GENERAL: Bugsoft ("LICENSOR") agrees that the following terms and
conditions apply to the provision of software ("Software") and documentation
("Documentation") included in this package.  Software shall also include all
other software delivered to Customer by LICENSOR and shall be subject to the
restrictions herein.  Some Software or Documentation may be owned in whole or
in part by a third party.  Documentation shall normally include all user
manuals and supplements which by their titles refer to or apply to the
Software.  The protections included in this license (including all
reservations of rights and limitations of liabilities) extend to Software and
Documentation provided under this Contract by both LICENSOR and any
third-party provider.

     This Contract becomes effective immediately upon use of the Software and
continues until terminated as provided in the TERMINATION Article.  Customer
agrees that a facsimile copy of this agreement shall be considered equivalent
to the original for purposes of validity and enforcement of this agreement.

2.   LICENSE:  LICENSOR hereby grants, and Customer accepts, a non-exclusive
license to use Software and Documentation subject to all the terms and
conditions of this Contract.  The Software is licensed solely for Customer's
internal use.  No rights to sublicense or market the Software or Documentation
are granted.  All rights not specifically granted to Customer by this license
shall remain in LICENSOR.

     The Software may be used by Customer on any number of computers.  The
Software is licensed as a single product. Its component parts may not be
separated for use.  Customer may make any number of copies of the Software for
backup, archiving, or sharing with other individuals, but all copyright or
proprietary notices in the original must be included in such copy.  Customer
shall not reverse assemble, or reverse compile any binary part of the Software
or adopt any part of the Software as its own.  Customer is NOT granted the
right to produce and release (for free or fee) add-ons to the Software.

3.   UPGRADES: If the Software is an upgrade from another product, you may
use or transfer the Software only in conjunction with that upgraded product,
unless you destroy the upgraded product.

4.   CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE:  Customer acknowledges that the
Software and Documentation are proprietary products and may be shared with
others only as a complete product.  

5.   COPYRIGHTS AND TRADEMARKS:  The Software and Documentation are
copyrighted and are protected by United States copyright laws and
international treaty provisions.  Customer will not remove any copyright
notice, and agrees to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Software or
Documentation.  All trademarks mentioned in the Software or Documentation are
trademarks of their respective companies.

6.   WARRANTY:  LICENSOR grants no warranties to Customer. LICENSOR reserves
the right to correct manuals due to typographical or clerical error.

     Neither LICENSOR nor any of its third-party suppliers warrants or
guarantees the results from use of the Software.

7.   IMPLIED WARRANTIES, DISCLAIMER, INDEMNIFICATION:  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE
REQUIRED BY LAW, THE EXPRESS WARRANTY IN THE WARRANTY ARTICLE OF THIS CONTRACT
IS LICENSOR'S EXCLUSIVE WARRANTY AND IS IN LIEU OF ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND THE REMEDIES STATED THEREIN ARE THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES
FOR ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY. LICENSOR WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY EVENT FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS CONTRACT, THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE IN
ANY AND ALL CASES.  CUSTOMER AGREES TO ASSUME ALL RISK AND LIABILITY FOR
DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE.  LICENSOR'S MAXIMUM
LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE THE
AMOUNT PAID BY THE CUSTOMER TO LICENSOR FOR THE SOFTWARE.

     CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SELECTION OF SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE ITS
INTENDED RESULTS, USE OF SOFTWARE, AND THE RESULTS OBTAINED THEREFROM. 
CUSTOMER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LICENSOR AND ITS SUPPLIERS HARMLESS WITH
RESPECT TO ALL CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES ARISING OUT OF CUSTOMER'S USE OF THE
RESULTS OF OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE.

8.   TERMINATION:  This Contract or the license of any Software may be
terminated as follows:

     (A)  by the Customer at any time; or
     (B)  by either
          (i)  nonpayment by Customer of any amount due under applicable
          invoices for the Software, which nonpayment continues for a period
          of ten (10) days; or
          (ii) nonperformance by Customer of any other material term or
          condition of this Contract or of any other contract between
          Customer and LICENSOR related to the Software or the equipment for
          which it is licensed.

     Upon termination of this Contract or the license of any of the Software,
Customer shall promptly destroy all copies of the Software and Documentation
involved, including all copies which Customer has modified and/or merged into
other computer program material.

     Termination of this Agreement shall not relieve Customer of any of its
obligations under any invoiced license fees.

9.   APPLICABLE LAW:  This Contract is governed by the laws of the State of
California, without giving force and effect to its choice of law provisions.


  -<[ Use your browser's "BACK" button to return to the table of contents. ]>-
