Jerry Clower's 
               Deffinition of a Cow


A cow is a completely automatic milk
manufacturing machine.  It is encased
in untanned leather and mounted on
four, vertical, movable supports,
one on each corner.

The front end contains the cutting and
grinding mechanism, as well as light
sensors, an air inlet and exhaust, a
bumper, and a fog horn.

At the rear is the dispensing
apparatus and an automatic fly
swatter.

The central portion houses a hydro-
chemical conversion plant.  This
consists of four fermentation and
storage tanks connected in series
by an intricate network of flexible
plumbing.  This section also contains
the heating plant, complete with
automatic temperature controls,
pumping station, and main ventilating
system.  The waste disposal apparatus
is located at the rear of the central
section.

In brief, the extremely visible
features are:
 
2 lookers
2 hookers
4 stand-uppers
4 hanger-downers

And a Swishy-Wishy.

