News flash!
____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
CLINTON DEPLOYS VOWELS TO BOSNIA
--------------------------------
(Thanks to Devon Hubbard)

Cities of Sjlbvdnzv, Grzny to Be First Recipients 

Before an emergency joint session of Congress yesterday, President
Clinton announced US plans to deploy over 75,000 vowels to the war-torn 
region of Bosnia.  The deployment, the largest of its kind in American 
history, will provide the region with the critically needed letters
A,E,I,O and U, and is hoped to render countless Bosnian names more 
pronounceable.
 
"For six years, we have stood by while names like Ygrjvslhv and Tzlynhr 
and Glrm have been horribly butchered by millions around the world,"
Clinton said. "Today, the United States must finally stand up and say 
'Enough.' It is time the people of Bosnia finally had some vowels in 
their incomprehensible words.  The US is proud to lead the crusade in 
this noble endeavour."

The deployment, dubbed "Operation Vowel Storm" by the State Department, 
is set for early next week, with the Adriatic port cities of Sjlbvdnzv 
and Grzny slated to be the first recipients.  Two C-130 transport
planes, each carrying over 500 24-count boxes of "E's," will fly from
Andrews Air Force Base across the Atlantic and airdrop the letters over 
the cities.
 
Citizens of Grzny and Sjlbvdnzv eagerly await the arrival of the 
vowels.  "My God, I do not think we can last another day," Trszg
Grzdnjkln, 44, said.  "I have six children and none of them has a name 
that is understandable to me or to anyone else.  Mr. Clinton, please
send my poor, wretched family just one 'E.' Please." 

Said Sjlbvdnzv resident Grg Hmphrs, 67: "With just a few key letters, I 
could be George Humphries.  This is my dream."

.. <portions euthanized>

The airdrop represents the largest deployment of any letter to a
foreign country since 1984.  During the summer of that year, the US
shipped 92,000 consonants to Ethiopia, providing cities like Ouaouoaua, 
Eaoiiuae, and Aao with vital, life-giving supplies of L's, S's and T's. 
The consonant-relief effort failed, however, when vast quantities of
the letters were intercepted and hoarded by violent, gun-toting 
warlords.

